hey guys Jason 20w okay here's a part 3
on the the traxxas 33 engine um not I
left off with a showing you guys on how
to take the piston and sleeve out here's
the cylinder what you do to get this all
it is that as of course you know it's in
there you know it's in there like that
you know what you do is you take a
wooden stick or something that's
something that's strong but nonmetal
unless unless you're really really good
with a wide flat head screwdriver you
can do it but you got to be really
careful unless unless you know for a
fact that you're pissing the sleeve is
shot then it doesn't really matter but
you just don't want to scratch the
inside of the crankcase know what you do
is that is it will slowly start the
slowly starts sliding up and then you
can get a screwdriver underneath it and
help pry up you know until you can get
your your fingers on it then you grab it
and then just start wiggling it you know
and moving it out and then eventually it
pops out and then you know you're left
with this here judging by the way this
sleeve looks I don't know if you guys
can see that or not but judging by the
way this sleeve looks I think piston and
sleeve are done for but then anyway so
then what you do is next thing you got
to do is that is you got to get your the
connecting rod out of there or you got
to take it off the little pin a little
that's let me grab a I can point things
out better you got to slide it off this
little pen right here and then all's you
do is you just reach in with your meal
no us try to get things position here
you hold the mortar upside down just
like this put it on bottom dead center
and then reach in there and grab the
connecting rod carefully grab it and
then pull it off the pin okay put it on
sorry about that guy is a drop yet
oopsie anyway it's okay back at this
here if putting it on bottom dead center
won't work for you then you just kind of
you can kind of move it around until you
find a spot to where let you remove it
go to top dead center that works better
okay now you just kind of just move it
around and wiggle it around and there
until it pops out piston piston and
connecting you're out of pop oh just
like so and there it is and let's see
here yeah the piston looks like it's
trying to wipe all this off of it
yeah some pretty good scoring on there I
don't know if you guys I don't know if
the camera be able to pick it up or not
but there's some really bad scoring in
there so the piston and sleeve or shot
on that then moving on see now got the
piston and sleeve is out of there now
what you do is you want to take the
crankshaft of it and sometimes we have
to do is sometimes they may be stuck so
you can just take pretty much any tool
and just give it a little tap like that
you know this one here wasn't stuck so I
didn't need to do that but I was just
showing and then if it doesn't want to
come out all the way just give it a few
taps there you go there's your
connecting rod earlier crankshaft and
the crane shaft is showing a little bit
of rust so but I can clean that up
that's no big deal and there's your case
everything is everything is out of it
and then what you want to do is use some
well you could use wd-40 you could use
wd-40 and you know an old toothbrush you
know clean the motor up really good and
then clean the hell out of it inside and
out make sure that if anything on the
inside got it if anything on the outside
got an inside to get it all look vice
versa and then um what I like to do is I
like to take my finger and go inside
there and spin the bearing
and feel for you know like grinding
feeling or anything like that and if you
feel any grinding feeling then look in
there with a flashlight and if you can
see any grooves and the ball bearings
and you're going to want to replace the
barians but if there's not and it seems
we're rolling fine like this one is then
they should be alright just take some
wd-40 or mortar cleaner or something
this is what I use
Electric cleaner and this will work you
know cleans connectors you can use it to
clean motors you know on stuff like that
electric motor is original like this
engine here you know and stuff like that
and what you do is if you have if it has
a little straw deal that is the best to
use and then you just go in and you just
spray spray it all over get get the
whole thing spic and span clean you know
and then um you know and then while
you're at it you might as well check
your case for cracks and stuff like that
and everything else and then all you
gotta do is just use my videos to put it
all back together it's really simple you
know what if you guys have any questions
or anything like that please feel free
to leave me a message other or not
please rate subscribe and comment and
we'll catch you guys later very peace